\documentclass[12pt,twocolumn]{article}

\begin{document}

\title{Introducing radiant object theory}

\author{John D.H. Pritchard \thanks{@syntelos, logicalexistentialism@gmail.com}}

\date{\today}

\maketitle

%\tableofcontents

\begin{abstract}

The development of peer media might benefit from a theoretical
treatment of abstraction.  The practical perspective offered is
particular and not a general review of peer media.  However the
abstraction offered is intended to motivate development.
  
\end{abstract}


\section{Practice}

In the X.400 paradigm the ITU established a static binary form to
communicate well defined messages.  In the MIME paradigm then IETF
established a textual form to communicate transparently in a message
object finitude.  In the first case we find the conservation of
definition.  And in the second case we find the conservation of
transparency.  

To conserve transparency in the textual case of MIME standards is to
contrast and compare fabrication, production, and consumption
processes.  The obscurity that X.400 products fall prey to is an
opacity due to tooling.  The complexity that MIME products are victims
of is alternative.

Neither has avoided interference in the affairs of communication.
However, fidelity to human ideals of transparency and facility is well
served by the IETF simplicity.  With textual transparency and
technical reproducibility the retreat to obscurity is elided.

These are matters of practice.  Hiow establishment evolves to the
sustenance of humanity or the exploitation of inhumanity.  The ITU
paradigm was by far the more perfect establishment, however that
establishment has allowed those retreats to obscurity that defeat
technical reprodicibility.

\section{Theory}

The matters of theory are spatial and temporal.  The spatial logics of
digital resources and communication, and the temporal logics of
spatial objects and processes.  Spatially systemic and universal.
Temporally immediate and remote.

When a spatial communication distinction is terrestrial or
interplanetary, the systemic spatial interest becomes consumption.
When extreme consumption is not a focus of concern, the textual
reproduction standards become interesting.  This may be the case of
peer media.



%\appendix

%\section{Notes}



\end{document}
